The Press:  (Inaudible)
February jobs numbers?
The President:  Well,
the economy is doing very well.
We’re seeing wages rise more
than they have at any time
for a long, long time.
Wages are going up first time
for many years —
I talked about it
during the campaign —
for over 20 years.
So, I’m happy about that.
The economy is very,
very strong.
If you look at the stock market
over the last few months,
it’s been great.
And certainly since my election,
it’s up —
getting close to 50 percent —
the stock market.
So, we’re obviously
very happy with that.
We will — I think as soon
as these trade deals are done,
if they get done —
and we’re working with China;
we’ll see what happens —
but I think you’re going
to see a very big spike.
A lot of people are waiting
to see what happens
with the China deal.
Mexico, Canada is done.
We’ll be submitting
to Congress very shortly.
And that’s a great deal
for the United States,
so we’re very happy about that.
And I am now, as you know,
going to Alabama.
Some of you are joining me.
But I look forward to it.
I’ll be meeting
with Governor Ivey.
The people of Alabama, they got
hit very hard by the tornadoes.
We’re stopping there,
then we’re going to Florida.
And we’re going to do
a lot of work.
We’ll be working very hard.
The Press:  Your reaction
to Manafort’s sentencing?
The President:  I feel
very badly for Paul Manafort.
I think it’s been a very,
very tough time for him.
But if you notice,
both his lawyer —
a highly respected man
and a very highly
respected judge —
the judge said there was
no collusion with Russia.
It’s had nothing
to do with collusion.
There was no collusion.
It’s a collusion hoax.
It’s a collusion witch-hoax.
I don’t collude with Russia.
So I just want to tell you that
his lawyer went out of his way,
actually,
to make a statement last night.
No collusion with Russia.
There was absolutely none.
The judge, I mean,
for whatever reason —
I was very honored by it —
also made the statement
that this had nothing do
with collusion with Russia.
So, you know, keep it going.
Let’s go.
Keep the hoax going.
Just a hoax.
Senator Burr said
there’s no collusion.
If you look at Devin Nunes
and the House Intelligence
Commission
— Committee —
they said there’s no collusion.
And guess what? There is none.
The Press:  Is 20,000 new jobs
good enough, sir?
The President:  What?
The Press:  Is 20,000 new jobs
good enough for you, sir?
The President:  Well,
it’s a step.
I think you’ll probably find out
it averages out.
The unemployment rate
just went lower.
We’re down now to 3.8 percent,
so
we had very good news on that.
I think the big news, really,
was that wages went up.
And that’s great
for the American worker.
That’s something people —
I don’t know
if they ever expected to see it.
Yeah?
The Press:  Mr. President, we’re
hearing rumblings from China
that they’re not really positive
about a trade deal
and that perhaps
(inaudible)
may not happen. Where is that?
The President:  Well,
I haven’t heard that.
I think they’re doing well.
But if it happened that way,
we’ll do even better.
We’ll do very well either way,
with or without a deal.
But you’re telling me something
that I have not heard.
The Press:  Do you feel
confident
that you can get
a trade deal with China?
The President:  Yeah. Sure.
I’m confident.
But if we don’t make a very good
deal for our country,
I wouldn’t make a deal.
If this isn’t a great deal,
I won’t make a deal.
The Press:  Are you ruling out
a pardon for Manafort?
The President:  Say it?
The Press:  Are you ruling out
a pardon for Manafort?
The President:  I don’t even
discuss it.
I have — the only one
discussing it is you.
I haven’t discussed it.
I know that, in watching
and seeing you folks at night,
that Michael Cohen
lied about the pardon.
It was a stone-cold lie.
And he’s lied about
a lot of things,
but when he lied
about the pardon,
that was really a lie.
And he knew all about pardons.
His lawyers said that they went
to my lawyers
and asked for pardons.
And I can go a step above that,
but I won’t go do it now.
The Press:  Why do you think
Cohen
is suing the Trump organization?
The President:  Why what?
The Press:  Why do you think
Cohen is suing
the Trump organization?
The President:  It’s the most
ridiculous suit I’ve ever seen.
Bad lawyer. I had a bad lawyer.
Go ahead. That happens.
The Press:  Your administration
is being sued
by Planned Parenthood
over Title 10 funding.
What’s your reaction to that?
The President:  We’ll make
a comment on it later.
The Press:  (inaudible)
The President:  Talk. Talk. Up.
You’re competing
with a helicopter, John.
The Press:  On immigration and
what’s going on in Congress now,
are you certain
that they will not
be able to override your veto?
The President:  Well, I think
that it’s going very well.
The border —
we’re doing a great job.
We’re apprehending
record numbers of people —
75,000 over the last
short period of time.
That’s a lot of work.
And with a wall,
we wouldn’t have to do it.
No, I think we’re doing fine
in Congress.
They understand
it’s an emergency.
The Press:  Michael Cohen’s
decision to testify
(inaudible) your decision
to walk
(inaudible)
with North Korea?
The President:  Well, time
will tell,
but I have a feeling that our
relationship with North Korea —
Kim Jong Un and myself —
Chairman Kim —
I think it’s a very good one.
I think it remains good.
I would be surprised,
in a negative way,
if he did anything that was not
per our understanding.
But we’ll see what happens.
Look, when I came in —
under the Obama administration,
North Korea was a disaster.
You were going to war, folks,
whether you know it or not.
You were going to war.
There was no talking.
There was testing.
We didn’t have our people back.
We didn’t have
our great hostages back.
Now we’re getting the remains,
we’re doing a lot of things now.
This was a disaster.
I inherited a mess.
In many ways, I inherited —
the Middle East,
I inherited a mess,
and it’s
straightening out a lot.
We’re doing very well there.
I inherited a mess.
The Press:  (inaudible)
The President:  I inherited —
wait. Wait.
I inherited a mess
with North Korea.
And right now,
you have no testing.
You have no nothing.
Let’s see what happens.
But I would be very disappointed
if I saw testing.
The Press:  What do you make
of the vote yesterday
in the House of Representatives
on the anti-Semitism resolution?
The President:  I thought
yesterday’s vote by the House
was disgraceful
because it’s become —
the Democrats have become
an anti-Israel party.
They’ve become
an anti-Jewish party.
And I thought that vote
was a disgrace
and so does everybody else,
if you get an honest answer.
If you get an honest answer
from politicians,
they thought it was a disgrace.
The Democrats have become
an anti-Israel party.
They’ve become an anti-Jewish
party, and that’s too bad.
I’m going to Alabama.